[Music]
often call the city of the future Dubai
is a mind-blowing place with loads of
world records the fastest police cars
and service the biggest picture frame
the largest vertical maze the tallest
chocolate sculpture its architecture
won't leave you cold as well the newest
mega-projects arts something else Mall
of the world it's going to be the
largest shopping mall on the planet a
part of a fully air-conditioned and
temperature controlled City the project
is going to cost a mind-blowing 6.8
billion dollars enough money to buy a
vacation into space for 136 people or
get yourself three Buckingham Palace the
ginormous construction is going to cover
an area the size of 630 soccer fields
and feature countless stores movie
theaters 100 hotels with more than
20,000 hotel rooms and a Wellness
District mm-hmm Mall of the world is
also going to house the world's largest
indoor theme park
covered with a dome that can open in the
winter when it's not so hot outside
the Dubai frame this magnificent project
opened in January 2018 the towering gold
frame holds the record for being the
largest in the world and no wonder the
Dubai frame created of reinforced
concrete steel aluminium and glass is
half as tall as the Eiffel Tower when
you get to the top of the observatory
you can see new divides record-breaking
skyline on one side and a panoramic view
of all Dubai on the other the iconic
landmark costs almost 63 million dollars
to build that's more than 50 statues of
Liberty if they were created today aim
Dubai also known as the Dubai eye when
the Dubai eye is open it's going to be
the largest and highest ferris wheel in
the world from the height twice as tall
as Big Ben you're going to have a
360-degree view of both the city and the
coastline the wheel is also impressively
heavy together with its spindle hub and
other parts Ain Dubai will weigh almost
and tons that's about 85 blue whales the
largest animals on earth when the
constructors were moving the wheel rim
sections they had to use cranes capable
of lifting 3,000 tons or 500 African
elephants the rasta monty mays tower an
example of Dubai's outrageous
architecture this building is covered
with the largest vertical maze on the
planet the 56 storey skyscraper is two
soccer pitches in height and has both
office and residential floors to
highlight the maze thousands of LED
lights illuminated at night the dynamic
tower the rotating 80 storey skyscraper
featuring a hotel offices and apartments
was supposed to open in 2020 but the 1.2
billion dollar construction hasn't been
started yet when completed the tower is
going to be almost three and a half
times as tall as the Great Pyramid of
Giza
each floor can move independently and
the building will always have a
different shape the dynamic Tower may be
the world's first pre-made skyscraper
special modules will be built in
factories and shipped to the
construction site where the tower will
be assembled like a huge Lego puzzle
it'll take 30 percent less time to build
than any other skyscraper of the same
size Dubai Creek Tower when finished the
mind-boggling skyscraper will be the
tallest building in the UAE and probably
in the whole world it'll be at least one
Statue of Liberty taller than the
current record-holder Burj Khalifa the
skyscraper will look amazing both during
the day and at night thanks to its
moving illumination at the top of the
tower there will be 10 observation decks
some of them with hanging gardens this
wonder of a skyscraper is unsurprisingly
going to cost a fortune around 1 billion
dollars Museum of the future if while
driving along the largest highway and
Dubai Sheikh Zayed Road you suddenly
spot a giant eye following your every
move don't panic it's not the Eye of
Sauron just Dubai's Museum of the future
even though the museum
hasn't opened yet its design has already
won several awards the building's facade
is unitized combining the structure
windows insulation and waterproofing
into one system which has never been
done before the museum is said to cost
136 million dollars enough to build four
Eiffel Towers when visiting three of the
seven museums floors you'll have an
opportunity to take part in exhibitions
rather than just see them underwater
high speed rail
what day in the near future you might
board an ultra fast train and travel
from the emirate of Fujairah in the UAE
to the city of Mumbai in India by
floating underwater rail the entire trip
will take just two hours the length of
the network will be about 1,200 miles
and besides passengers the train will
also transport different Goods Expo 2020
to buy the mega projects cost is
rumoured to be around 9 billion dollars
a huge sum that would be enough to
construct another 10 Great Pyramids of
Giza the Expo will occupy the area
larger than Central Park in New York and
show the world some of the most
futuristic constructions people have
ever built
after all the Expos main theme is
connecting minds connecting the future
it's going to be a half a year long
event which shows food stands with
different cuisines and numerous
attractions Aladdin City inspired by the
stories about Aladdin engineers and
designers came up with the idea of
Aladdin City it's going to be a huge
complex of three linked towers shaped
like genie lamps the structure will
stretch for the distance as great as 55
lined up London buses and house both
hotels and offices several
air-conditioned bridges will connect the
towers Oh it'll come in handy in the
summer when the heat can reach 113
degrees Fahrenheit the Royal Atlantis
Resort and residences this huge complex
um everything here is huge or the
biggest or the tallest isn't it are you
seeing a pattern here just checking
anyway it might see its first visitors
and resident
already in 2020 the 43 story
construction is going to be one of the
most luxurious hotels in Dubai with its
692 hotel rooms 102 Suites and 230 wine
apartments the apartments will come in
different styles most of them with their
own private pools and gardens 90
swimming pools 13 restaurants with
celebrity chefs a Wellness Center twice
as big as a hockey rink by the way and
if you're still not impressed how about
a huge aquarium with more than two
thousand jellyfish inside yeah blue
waters Island it's an artificial island
near Dubai Marina home to the Dubai eye
and tons of other entertainments one of
the most popular Dubai destinations the
blue waters island attracts more than 3
million visitors every year in the
nearest future the islands going to
feature the group rapid transit service
25 driverless buses carrying more than
2,000 passengers per hour from the
island to the Dubai Metro red line and
back the trip will take just 5 minutes
and finally we say goodbye to Dubai you
were expecting that one now aren't you
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life yeah